# p1-at-the-movies

To be honest, this project is very, very forced for me as I just don't consume any non-interactive media of my own volition, and I think about it even less. The one idea I eventually settled on was to go with something based off a mix of the spy profile exercise and my lemmings project from the previous semester, by having randomized characters with stats that matter given to you so you can choose one, and using one of said characters to accomplish a task. Eventually I thought of Star Wars having clone troopers, so despite the fact I've never interacted with that franchise in any way outside of the Lego games, it's what I'm going for. I really just want this project to be an interesting showcase of randomized stat values and their impacts on an interactive game, I suppose. The clone troopers are infamous for never hitting their target so I figured accuracy should never be too great, but I wanted other stats to modify the way one uses their character on the project. The idea is really to get some comfort with things I was good at last semester, while bringing in ResponsiveVoice as a way to give it a more interesting feel.

The project is one that I hope will convey a vibe of ineptitude, since that's what I always got from the clone troopers as an entity. I guess someone who's actually watched the series would have more interesting thoughts on what this means as a political or social statement, or they could dissect what the role of the troopers really even is, but this is more about making somethin that's simple and entertaining, if anything. Quite honestly I was also avoiding using ml5 again because I hated using it's hand recognition; this should at least be interesting without making me want to jump off a cliff as I make it.

**2021-02-27

As I wind down on this project, I'm realizing I didn't get to make the stats all that important. Speed is the only one that's actually used, which is a disappointment for me. However, considering the fact I'm low on time and I also need to try to prepare myself mentally for HTML and CSS (my sworn adversaries), I don't really have much time to add a section for strength, or to come up with a method which makes the gunshots more accurate depending on the target's position and the specific stat value. Despite this, I still think it came out better than expected considering how forced it ultimately is.
